# Problem 573: Unfair race
\$n\$ runners in very different training states want to compete in a
race. Each one of them is given a different starting number \$k\$
\$(1\\leq k \\leq n)\$ according to his (constant) individual racing
speed being \$v\_k=\\frac{k}{n}\$. In order to give the slower runners a
chance to win the race, \$n\$ different starting positions are chosen
randomly (with uniform distribution) and independently from each other
within the racing track of length \$1\$. After this, the starting
position nearest to the goal is assigned to runner \$1\$, the next
nearest starting position to runner \$2\$ and so on, until finally the
starting position furthest away from the goal is assigned to runner
\$n\$. The winner of the race is the runner who reaches the goal first.
Interestingly, the expected running time for the winner is
\$\\frac{1}{2}\$, independently of the number of runners. Moreover,
while it can be shown that all runners will have the same expected
running time of \$\\frac{n}{n+1}\$, the race is still unfair, since the
winning chances may differ significantly for different starting numbers:
Let \$P\_{n,k}\$ be the probability for runner \$k\$ to win a race with
\$n\$ runners and \$E\_n = \\sum\_{k=1}\^n k P\_{n,k}\$ be the expected
starting number of the winner in that race. It can be shown that, for
example, \$P\_{3,1}=\\frac{4}{9}\$, \$P\_{3,2}=\\frac{2}{9}\$,
\$P\_{3,3}=\\frac{1}{3}\$ and \$E\_3=\\frac{17}{9}\$ for a race with
\$3\$ runners. You are given that \$E\_4=2.21875\$, \$E\_5=2.5104\$ and
\$E\_{10}=3.66021568\$. Find \$E\_{1000000}\$ rounded to 4 digits after
the decimal point.
